RSS: Add config reference links (#9601)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/rss.mdx

    ```
</Steps>

> <ReadMore>See the [`@astrojs/rss` README](https://github.com/withastro/astro/tree/main/packages/astro-rss) for the full configuration reference.</ReadMore>

Reviewer: Now I **really** want this turned into an integration, so we just have the standard integration guide page in docs!!

Author: Yup, totally agree!

## Generating `items`

The `items` field accepts a list of RSS feed objects, which can be generated from content collections entries using `getCollection()` or from your page files using `pagesGlobToRssItems()`.

> The RSS feed standard format includes the following values for each published item:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RSS feed standard format includes metadata for each published item, including values such as:
```
So, my main concern is even with the link below, this sounds like an exhaustive, complete list. Anything to soften that up a bit here would be fine!

- `link`: A URL to the original source of the entry. (optional)
- `pubDate`: The date of publication of the entry. (optional)
- `content`: The full content of your post. (optional)

> <ReadMore>See [`item` configuration reference](https://github.com/withastro/astro/tree/main/packages/astro-rss#items) for a complete list of options.</ReadMore>

Reviewer 2: I believe the option is actually `items`? I am not sure if you meant the configuration reference for an *individual* item, if so, then it should not contain backticks. Also, nit: missing "the".
```suggestion
<ReadMore>See the [`items` configuration reference](https://github.com/withastro/astro/tree/main/packages/astro-rss#items) for a complete list of options.</ReadMore>
```

Reviewer: I believe Yan is correct here, it sounds like the intention is to point to the reference property!
